README.md, before:

# Git & GitHub - A Complete Guide

A modern, responsive website that provides a comprehensive introduction to Git and GitHub for developers.

## 🚀 Features

- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Modern Theme**: Clean, professional design with smooth animations
- **Interactive Elements**: 
  - Mobile-friendly navigation menu
  - Smooth scrolling between sections
  - Copy-to-clipboard functionality for Git commands
  - Animated hero section with code preview
- **Comprehensive Content**:
  - Git fundamentals and key features
  - GitHub platform overview
  - Essential Git commands organized by category
  - Curated learning resources

## 📁 Project Structure

```
CIS_250-Starter-Repository/
├── index.html          # Main HTML structure
├── styles.css          # Responsive CSS with modern theme
├── script.js           # Interactive JavaScript functionality
├── README.md           # Project documentation
└── .gitignore          # Git ignore file
```

## 🎨 Design Highlights

- **Color Scheme**: GitHub-inspired palette with primary blues and accent colors
- **Typography**: Inter font family for optimal readability
- **Layout**: CSS Grid and Flexbox for responsive layouts
- **Animations**: Smooth transitions and micro-interactions
- **Dark Mode Support**: Automatic theme detection via CSS media queries

## 🛠 Technologies Used

- **HTML5**: Semantic markup for accessibility and SEO
- **CSS3**: Modern features including CSS Variables, Grid, and Flexbox
- **JavaScript (ES6+):** Interactive features and animations
- **Font Awesome**: Icon library for visual elements
- **Google Fonts**: Inter font family for typography

## 📱 Responsive Breakpoints

- **Desktop**: 1200px and above
- **Tablet**: 768px - 1199px
- **Mobile**: 320px - 767px

## 🌐 How to View

1. **Direct Opening**: Simply open `index.html` in any modern web browser
2. **Local Server**: For optimal development experience, run a local web server:
   ```bash
   # Using Python 3
   python3 -m http.server 8000
   
   # Using Node.js (if installed)
   npx serve .
   
   # Using PHP (if installed)
   php -S localhost:8000
   ```
3. Open `http://localhost:8000` in your browser

## 📚 Content Sections

### Hero Section
- Eye-catching introduction with animated title
- Interactive code block demonstrating basic Git workflow
- Call-to-action buttons for navigation

### What is Git?
- Version control fundamentals
- Collaboration features
- Backup and recovery capabilities

### What is GitHub?
- Repository hosting
- Pull requests and code review
- Issue tracking
- GitHub Actions and CI/CD

### Essential Git Commands
- Setup and configuration commands
- Basic operations (add, commit, status)
- Branching and merging
- Remote operations

### Learning Resources
- Official documentation links
- Interactive tutorials
- Community resources

## 🔧 Customization

The website uses CSS variables for easy theming. Modify the `:root` selector in `styles.css` to customize:

- Colors and branding
- Typography scales
- Spacing and layout
- Animation timing

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the terms of the [License](LICENSE) file.

## 🤝 Contributing

Feel free to submit issues and enhancement requests to improve this educational resource.

---

**Created with ❤️ for developers learning version control**

Commit message:

added dark mode and a toggle

README.md, after:

# Git & GitHub - A Complete Guide

A modern, responsive website that provides a comprehensive introduction to Git and GitHub for developers.

## 🚀 Features

- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Modern Theme**: Clean, professional design with smooth animations
- **Interactive Elements**: 
  - Mobile-friendly navigation menu
  - Smooth scrolling between sections
  - Copy-to-clipboard functionality for Git commands
  - Animated hero section with code preview
  - **Dark Mode Toggle** - Switch between light and dark themes with persistent preference
- **Comprehensive Content**:
  - Git fundamentals and key features
  - GitHub platform overview
  - Essential Git commands organized by category
  - Curated learning resources

## 📁 Project Structure

```
CIS_250-Starter-Repository/
├── index.html          # Main HTML structure
├── styles.css          # Responsive CSS with modern theme
├── script.js           # Interactive JavaScript functionality
├── README.md           # Project documentation
└── .gitignore          # Git ignore file
```

## 🎨 Design Highlights

- **Color Scheme**: GitHub-inspired palette with primary blues and accent colors
- **Typography**: Inter font family for optimal readability
- **Layout**: CSS Grid and Flexbox for responsive layouts
- **Animations**: Smooth transitions and micro-interactions
- **Dark Mode Support**: Toggle between light and dark themes with persistent user preference via localStorage. Defaults to system preference.

## 🛠 Technologies Used

- **HTML5**: Semantic markup for accessibility and SEO
- **CSS3**: Modern features including CSS Variables, Grid, and Flexbox
- **JavaScript (ES6+):** Interactive features and animations
- **Font Awesome**: Icon library for visual elements
- **Google Fonts**: Inter font family for typography

## 📱 Responsive Breakpoints

- **Desktop**: 1200px and above
- **Tablet**: 768px - 1199px
- **Mobile**: 320px - 767px

## 🌐 How to View

1. **Direct Opening**: Simply open `index.html` in any modern web browser
2. **Local Server**: For optimal development experience, run a local web server:
   ```bash
   # Using Python 3
   python3 -m http.server 8000
   
   # Using Node.js (if installed)
   npx serve .
   
   # Using PHP (if installed)
   php -S localhost:8000
   ```
3. Open `http://localhost:8000` in your browser

## 📚 Content Sections

### Hero Section
- Eye-catching introduction with animated title
- Interactive code block demonstrating basic Git workflow
- Call-to-action buttons for navigation

### What is Git?
- Version control fundamentals
- Collaboration features
- Backup and recovery capabilities

### What is GitHub?
- Repository hosting
- Pull requests and code review
- Issue tracking
- GitHub Actions and CI/CD

### Essential Git Commands
- Setup and configuration commands
- Basic operations (add, commit, status)
- Branching and merging
- Remote operations

### Learning Resources
- Official documentation links
- Interactive tutorials
- Community resources

## 🔧 Customization

The website uses CSS variables for easy theming. Modify the `:root` selector in `styles.css` to customize:

- Colors and branding
- Typography scales
- Spacing and layout
- Animation timing

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the terms of the [License](LICENSE) file.

## 🤝 Contributing

Feel free to submit issues and enhancement requests to improve this educational resource.

---

**Created with ❤️ for developers learning version control**
